fix #310 (#3104)
alan-turing-institute/the-turing-way: book/website/reproducible-research/overview/overview-resources.md

(rr-overview-resources-addmaterial)=
## Additional Material

(rr-overview-resources-commandline)=
### Using the command line

> While most of what this book is about do not require the use of the command line, it often makes things actually easier. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While most of what this book is about does not require the use of the command line, it often actually makes things easier. 
```
Could we expand here what "things" is referring to? Just in case someone completely new to the terminal comes across this page and isn't sure

> Even when your visual abilities allows you to use efficiently your mouse, writing commands in the terminal/powershell/command is not that difficult.

Reviewer: Suggest we change "not that difficult" to something that explains why its a good idea!

> Even when your visual abilities allows you to use efficiently your mouse, writing commands in the terminal/powershell/command is not that difficult.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Writing commands in the terminal, PowerShell, or command prompt provides an alternative means of interacting with the computer. It offers several advantages and can be considered a beneficial approach for various reasons:
- By directly entering commands, tasks can be performed efficiently without relying on graphical user interfaces (GUIs) or navigating through multiple menus.
- It provides higher level of flexibility and control as the user can execute complex tasks, automate repetitive actions, and customise commands according to specific needs.
- The terminal is available on various operating systems. Hence, knowing how to navigate and use the command-line interface ensures a consistent approach across different platforms.
- Familiarity with the terminal enhances the user's understanding of the underlying operating system and improves their technical skills. 
- When encountering issues or performing system diagnostics, the command-line utilities and diagnostic commands allow the user to investigate and resolve problems at a deeper level than GUI-based tools.
```

I would rephrase to not limit only to visual abilities as people also use speech output systems (like screen-readers), braille displays, and other assistive technologies to use computers. Also I won't comment whether it is a simple way or not rather, I would highlight what are the advantages of using it.

Reviewer 2: Makes sense!

> You first need to know that linux and OSX use `bash` code natively, while the command line in PC uses a different language.

Reviewer: Is it PC or Windows? What is the language that it uses?

> Here is a small list of tools and training material to know more :

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
List of tools and training materials for using the command-line:
```

> - Game for beginners (to advanced): https://gitlab.com/slackermedia/bashcrawl 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A [game to teach one the basics of using a POSIX (Linux, BSD, UNIX) terminal](https://gitlab.com/slackermedia/bashcrawl) 
```

> - Carpentry lesson: https://swcarpentry.github.io/shell-novice/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Carpentries lesson on [The Unix Shell](https://swcarpentry.github.io/shell-novice/)
```

> - https://www.taniarascia.com/how-to-use-the-command-line-for-apple-macos-and-linux/

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An article on [Command Line Tutorial: Usage in Linux and macOS](https://www.taniarascia.com/how-to-use-the-command-line-for-apple-macos-and-linux/)
```

> - https://programminghistorian.org/en/lessons/intro-to-bash

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A lesson on [Introduction to the Bash Command Line](https://programminghistorian.org/en/lessons/intro-to-bash)
```

To ease your journey, here are two tips which should make onboarding much easier:

> - Get your terminal at the right folder:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When working on the terminal please make sure that you are in the correct folder (as called as directory):
```
